Ingredients
20 g extra virgin olive oil
0.33 onion, finely chopped
1.5 cloves garlic, finely chopped
0.33 teaspoon dried oregano
0.66 teaspoons crushed red pepper flakes
45 g tomato paste
20 g vodka
60 g basil pesto sauce
salt and black pepper
80 g heavy cream
150 g pasta
1 tablespoons butter
10 g grated Parmesan cheese
2 g fresh basil leaves, chopped

Serving size: 2






Method
Sauce:

Heat a large skillet over medium-low heat. Add oil. When oil is hot, add the onion, garlic, and oregano. Cook until the onion begin to caramelize, about 5 minutes. 

Reduce the heat to low, add the tomato paste and chilli flakes, cook 4-5 minutes, until thickened. 

Stir in the vodka, cook another 2 minutes. Stir in the pesto and cream. Season with salt and pepper.

Pasta:

Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the pasta and cook until al dente. Drain. Retain the pasta water.

To the vodka sauce, add the pasta, 1/2 cup pasta cooking water, and the butter, tossing until the butter has melted. Add the parmesan and basil. If needed, thin the sauce with additional pasta cooking water.

Divide the pasta among plates and top with basil and Parmesan cheese.






Ingredients (Hindi)
20 ग्राम एक्स्ट्रा वर्जिन ऑलिव ऑयल
0.33 प्याज, बारीक कटा हुआ
1.5 लहसुन की कलियाँ, बारीक कटी हुई
0.33 छोटा चम्मच सूखा अजवायन
0.66 छोटे चम्मच कुटी हुई लाल मिर्च के टुकड़े
45 ग्राम टमाटर का पेस्ट
20 ग्राम वोदका
60 ग्राम तुलसी पेस्टो सॉस
नमक और काली मिर्च
80 ग्राम हैवी क्रीम
150 ग्राम पास्ता
1 बड़ा चम्मच मक्खन
10 ग्राम कद्दूकस किया हुआ पार्मेज़ान चीज़
2 ग्राम ताज़ा तुलसी के पत्ते, कटे हुए

सर्विंग साइज़: 2






Method (Hindi)
सॉस:

एक बड़े तवे को मध्यम-धीमी आँच पर गरम करें। तेल डालें। तेल गरम होने पर, प्याज़, लहसुन और अजवायन डालें। प्याज़ के कैरेमलाइज़ होने तक, लगभग 5 मिनट तक, पकाएँ।

आँच धीमी कर दें, टमाटर का पेस्ट और मिर्च के फ्लेक्स डालें, 4-5 मिनट तक, गाढ़ा होने तक पकाएँ।

वोडका डालकर चलाएँ, 2 मिनट और पकाएँ। पेस्टो और क्रीम डालकर मिलाएँ। नमक और काली मिर्च डालें।

पास्ता:

एक बड़े बर्तन में नमकीन पानी उबालें। पास्ता डालें और अल डेंटे होने तक पकाएँ। पानी निथार लें। पास्ता का पानी बचा रहने दें।

वोडका सॉस में, पास्ता, आधा कप पास्ता पकाने का पानी और मक्खन डालें, मक्खन के पिघलने तक मिलाएँ। पार्मेज़ान और तुलसी डालें। ज़रूरत हो तो, सॉस को पास्ता पकाने के पानी से पतला करें।

पास्ता को प्लेटों में बाँट लें और ऊपर से तुलसी और पार्मेज़ान चीज़ डालें।